welcome to the program it's just gone
1100 hours GMT and we begin in Gaza
where at least two Palestinians have
been killed and several injured in an
Israeli air strike near the alaxa
hospital in De alala now the initial
Reports say the attack was carried out
on tents housing displaced people as
well as journalists in the courtyard of
the medical
facility Well those were the recent
pictures Let's cross over to tumu joins
us now from Rafa quite disturbing images
we've just seen
uh t on this strike just outside the
hospital just bring us up to speed on
what we know about the
incident yes uh absolutely it's a new
bloody attack that has been carried out
within the past hour where the Israeli
Air Forces have targeted a tent that was
displaced was hosting and even
containing journalists and along with a
number of displaced Palestinians as the
latest update we have been receiving
from al- AKA Hospital the death toll has
risen to four Palestinians being killed
along with 17 others uh being wound
wounded including journalists who have
been now receiving treatment inside the
Departments of Al AA hospital we have
been talking to a number of survivors of
journalists there they have been
describing the situation to be really
difficult they were sitting together
speaking as the uh attack had been
carried out as everyone has just
discovered the situation to be
absolutely chaotic as one of the
Survivor of one of the journalists who
had survived from the attack has been
describing has been saying that they
have been sitting together suddenly the
attack had been carried out in front of
them as they have been completely seen
blood every single corner of the tent
ammed a CLE destruction and damage being
inflicted to the tent that they were uh
living inside and taking shelter in
Ahmed a CLE expansion military attacks
against journalist now the uh gaza's
government media office have has been
stating and condemning the attack that
had been carried out inside Al AKA
hospital where it's considered to be a
new violation that Israel has recently
made in and its series of different
violations being committed since October
Calling The International Community to
be a responsibility regarding this
attack as well also to ask Israel to
step back its military campaign on the
Gaza Strip and that's absolutely Terri
fing as journalists have been completely
a very fundamental portion of the
Israeli military campaign as more than
130 Palestinian journalists have been
killed since the eruption of this
conflict t uh we'll leave you try and
news gather more as uh we leave you uh
with those pictures obviously of that
attack and that breaking news coming out
of Gaza it only adds to what's been
happening across the region because in
Gaza City at least 17 people were killed
at a major intersection while they were
waiting waiting for humanitarian Aid to
be delivered Israeli troops have
repeatedly targeted crowds of
Palestinians at the Kuwait roundabout
where they waited to receive much needed
food
Parcels the Palestine red cresant
society says that five people were
killed at the same intersection on
[Music]
Friday the organization said they were
amongst thousands waiting for trucks
carrying flare and other essential
supplies Witnesses said that organizers
monitoring the safety of the Convoy
fired warning shots but Israeli troops
also open fire there were also reports
that trucks hit people while they were
trying to grab Aid
parcels